An E-rank dungeon. Even a hunter as weak as you could clear it with a team. But on your own? The monsters would tear you apart. Yet, venturing forward, you feel a new sense of strength and courage rushing through you. A vengeance. One full of passion and intensity. One that allowed you to fulfill your potential, at last.
Hmm... you've survived? Your vengeance has served you well, world’s weakest hunter. But now you face a new challenge. One that is just as unrelenting as yourself. However, power and pride fill you. Go on. Create your legacy, containing the story of the hunter who persevered. And don't, at all costs, let anyone stop you.
Don't get conceited now that your a C-Rank Hunter. The goblins in this dungeon will rip you to shreds if you're not careful. And this boss, it's radiating this terrifying energy... Remember, don't die. You've come far since your reawakening. Make sure you use it well. Make sure that your endless potential is fulfilled.
Interesting. You've made it this far, B-Rank Hunter. However, this dungeon is different from anything you've ever seen. An evil witch doctor has reanimated these ants to be faster, stronger and bigger than before. Your mission is to defeat the ants and kill the witch doctor. Good luck hunter, I wish you all the best.
Nice job on that last mission. This time, the dungeon has originated from Greek Mythology. You are going to be fighting Minotaur's and the guard dog of Hell, Cerberus. If you clear this dungeon, you will be ranked up to an S-Rank Hunter. Prove your worth to me.
Congratulations on becoming S-ranked. I have a mission that can only be completed by an S-Rank Hunter. A cult formed by a group of high ranked hunters has been reeking havoc in the dungeons. I want you to eliminate them and their leader, who happens to also be S-rank. Remember to stock up on potions and buy the best gear possible.
Okay SS-Rank Hunter. You know the drill. This dungeon manifested different characters from human written stories. I'd love to ask the creator of this world what the logic behind that is but whatever. There's a Hippogriff from Harry Potter and Doctor Doom from the DC universe.
You're an SSS-Rank Hunter now huh. Almost at the end of the ranking system. Moving on, these enemies are called Naga, which is a half-serpent, half-human hybrid. As for the boss, you'll have to take care of Yamata no Orochi, an eight headed serpentine dragon from Japanese lore. If this is the last time I see you, I've had fun.
Oh, you're asking who I am? Well, you'll find out soon enough. Back on track, your next mission is to invade the Ogre Kingdom, defeat the guards and assassinate the Ogre King. Now you might be thinking, that doesn't sound like an assassination. But remember, it's still a success if there's no one left to tell the tale.
So, we finally meet face to face. Your last mission is to defeat my soldiers and I to reclaim your power as the Shadow Monarch. I would say good luck but my life is on the line, so I'll just say this. Now matter the outcome of our fight, I had fun watching you grow.